Spill


-Matching pennies
	Deterministic.
	Imperfect information.
	3 players.

	From the notes: "Each player has two actions, H or T. Player 1 wants to match
	the action of player 2; player 2 wants to match the action of player 3; and
	player 3 wants to match the opposite of the action of player 1. Each player
	receives a payoff of 1 if they match as desired, and −1 otherwise. It is
	straightforward to check that this game has a unique Nash equilibrium, where
	all players uniformly randomize. Jordan shows that this Nash equilibrium is
	locally unstable in a strong sense: for any epsilon > 0, and for almost all
	initial empirical distributions that are within (Euclidean) distance epsilon
	of the unique Nash equilibrium, discrete-time fictitious play does not
	converge to the NE; instead, it enters a limit cycle asymptotically as t ->
	infinity".
	
	Har et ustablit nash ekvilibrium. med mindre alle spiller helt random.
	Dermed må mixed strategy policies læres.

-Trade comm
	Non-deterministic.
	Imperfect information.
	2 players.
	
	A simple communication game inspired by trading, where agents receive
	private items, send (arbitrary) utterances, and then have to commit to a
	trade.
	
	First agent receives a random item a set of K unique items. Second agent
	also receives a random item. Both items are private. Then, the first agent
	can make a single utterance from a set of K utterances, which the second
	agent observes. The second agent can do the same (which the first agent
	observes). Then each of the agents secretly chooses a 1:1 trade action in
	private. If they choose a compatible trade (i.e. agents trade the item they
	have for the item the other agent has), they each get a reward of 1.
	Otherwise, they both get 0.
	
	This current variant is the simplest version of more complex communication
	games for trading. Ultimately, we plan to expand so that the communication is
	longer and vectorized, and the commitment round is multi-step.

-Liars Dice (Har nok stabilt nash ekvilibrium om)
	Non-deterministic.
	Imperfect information.
	2 players.

	Spille med at både dine og dine motstanders terninger gjelder når du sier en hånd.
	Dermed kan informasjon fra tidligere bud brukes, om de sier sannheten.
	

-Negotiation
	Non-deterministic.
	Imperfect information.
	2 players.
	
	Det er et pool med X antall typer items, for hver type x; er det n_x items.

	Hver spiller får assignet en value til hver itemtype, dette er skjult for andre spillere.
	
	Agenter kan kommunisere med 2 kanaler.
		Proposal channel: Betydninger er definert på forhånd.
		Linguistic channel: Ingen betydninger definert på forhånd.

	https://arxiv.org/pdf/1804.03980.pdf
	


-Sheriff
	Deterministic.
	Imperfect information.
	2 players.

	Man har en smuggler og en sheriff.
	Smuggleren smugler n kargo. Sheriffen kan velge og sjekke om det er smuglete items. 
	Hvis det er må smuglerene betale p*n
	Hvis det ikke er må sheriffen kompansere smugleren med s.
	Hvis sheriffen velger å ikke inspisere får smugleren v*n og sheriffen 0.

	Bestikkelser og Forhandlinger:
		Etter smugleren har lastet kargoet, er det r runder hvor smugleren foreslår en bestikkelse. 
		Sheriffen kan velge om han vil akseptere sist foreslåtte bestikkelse eller ikke. 




